the international Olympic Committee has
recognized the state of Palestine since
1995 and after more than 9 months of war
in Gaza it has sent one of the smallest
teams to the games in Paris team members
say they all know people who have been
killed during the war athletes trainers
and support staff have been amongst the
victims the war has also thwarted the
Ambitions of some Palestinians who dream
of representing their people Paul Adams
reports from
Jerusalem in Gaza it's it's hard to keep
your dreams
alive but here in tama's own Olympic
Village he sticks to his
routine tama's home is destroyed he and
his family have had to flee twice last
December his coach was killed in an air
strike any faint hopes he might have had
of going to Paris have long since
evaporated but he's still running
I wanted to compete with the world's
best athletes like yob inab britson the
current world champion in the 1500 M I
wanted to run alongside him to feel
what's it like to compete with the
world's
best Tama had never worn spikes until a
year ago but he's already represented
his country twice in China at the Asian
Games he got to know other Palestinian
hopefuls like the swimmer Valerie tarazi
Valerie has made it to Paris days away
from competing in her first Olympics
born and raised in America she comes
from one of the oldest Christian
families in Gaza a child of the huge
Palestinian diaspora the war has touched
her too four relatives were killed early
on we have to deal with something that
very few countries around the world have
to deal with and for us this is our
friends it's our family it's our
teammates our national team members it
takes a toll on us it seems like every
day every week we have people very close
to us
dying my little bit of struggle is
nothing compared to what the women and
children in Gaza have to face every
single day I'm not worried about finding
my next meal or finding a bottle of
water I get to jump in a pool and do
what I love so my little bit of pain is
absolutely nothing compared to what they
have to go through every single day yeah
so we had the team's head quarters are
in the West Bank in the city of ramala
dalala is the chief nutritionist from
training to travel and the endless
tragedy the war has thrown up countless
challenges it's definitely been a
setback but I think in terms of our
ambition and our plan and our willpower
um it was not affected and if it was
affected in a way it was just a way of
getting us uh more
determined back in Gaza the city's only
Athletics track is a war ravaged place
of Refuge it's been months since anyone
trained here amid the date palms of derl
Bala Tama knows his time has not yet
come he dreams of getting out getting
strong and once more running for his
country Paul Adams BBC News Jerusalem